So I want to talk to you about something else that's very interesting when you're working with built
ins and inheritance.
So as you can see I have the same exact class right here and it's inheriting from the built in array
right here.
So something interesting happens involved.
This symbol does species property that we're going to talk about later.
But essentially if you use a method on your derived class that returns an instance it's going to return
an instance of this derived class instead of an instance of the built in.
So for example we'll go ahead and instantiate.
So we'll do.
Let's do a lead.
This time we'll do let And we'll do re equals new my array.
And we'll just pass in a couple of values like so.
And then after that we'll just do a rate 2 and we're going to set that equal to a array splice and then
1 through three like so and then we're going to do some checks so with you cancel or log array instance.
There we go.
My RE.
And then we're going to copy this and do the same thing.
So we're going to run this check against the second array.
Now you can see that both of these are considered to be instances of my array.
The reason that this is interesting is because we inherited this method from the array right here this
built in.
So whenever we call it typically it would return an instance of this built in right here.
But since we're working with a class that is derived from it what it's going to do instead is return
an instance of this derived class instead of Typically what it would do which is to return an instance
of the built in right here.
Now the reason that this is happening behind the scenes is because of this symbol dot species property
right here and we're going to go ahead and talk about that in the next video.